feat!: don't run scan jobs in offline mode by default (#841)
statnett/image-scanner-operator: README.md

- add metric labels with values obtained from `app.kubernetes.io/name` Pod labels
- rescan workload images with an interval of 24 hours

#### Configure Trivy scan jobs

A workload container image is scanned by scheduling a Kubernetes _Job_ running
on the scan target container image. The image is scanned using the

> [trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/v0.49/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem/)

Reviewer: The link might break if doc is restructured, but will not be outdated once a new release is out

```suggestion
[trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem)
```

Author: Thanks! Good point!

> [trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem)

Author: ```suggestion
[trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem/)
```

> [trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[trivy filesystem](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/docs/references/configuration/cli/trivy_filesystem/)
```
> I suggest with slash, otherwise a 301

> command inside the workload image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command inside the job's container.
```

as it is already stated that the job runs using the scanned image. And it's technically a container at this point.

> You can customize the settings for this command by modifying the
> `trivy-job-config` _ConfigMap_. All entries in the _ConfigMap_ are mounted

Reviewer: Not that clear what _this command_ referes to.

```suggestion
The `trivy filesystem` scan command can be customized by modifying the
`trivy-job-config` _ConfigMap_. All entries in the _ConfigMap_ are mounted
```

as environment variables with the `TRIVY_` prefix - which will allow them
to be picked up by Trivy. Example:

```yaml
  - name: trivy-job-config
    namespace: image-scanner
    behavior: merge
    literals:
      - DB_REPOSITORY=<company-ghcr-registry-proxy>/aquasecurity/trivy-db
      - JAVA_DB_REPOSITORY=<company-ghcr-registry-proxy>/aquasecurity/trivy-java-db

>       - NO_PROGRESS=true # enabling offline mode for air-gapped environments

Author: ```suggestion
      - OFFLINE_SCAN=true # enabling offline mode for air-gapped environments
```
